thanks for joining us on safe ete today
we're pleased to be joined by Florida
former Governor Jeb Bush governor Bush
thanks for joining us today try to be
with you Justin you recently wrote an
op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal
that talked about your prescription for
America's economy why did you decide to
write that and what is your prescription
for America's economy well I'm concerned
that we are focused so exclusively on
these huge deficits and debt that one of
the main means by which we get out of
the mess is to grow and if we don't grow
our economy then there's no amount of
cutting that will solve this problem so
I think as a party we should be offering
solutions that creates sustained
economic growth over the long haul that
creates jobs for people to be able to
make decisions for themselves rather
than have the anxiety of being dependent
upon government and that means a
dramatic change in policy i mean the
president's vulnerable not because of
his intentions but because he's he
hasn't delivered on economic policy
means simplification of our tax code a
rewrite of regulation to bring it into
the 21st century so so there's greater
certainty I think it means a domestic
energy policy that's based on our
resources rather than spending money for
people either hate us or unstable and
will soon hate us if we don't change our
ways it means training people for the
next generation of jobs not focused on
the old ones but the ones that will be
in the forefront now and in the next ten
years so this should be a time of a
renaissance in policymaking and I hope
that conservatives leave the cause
that's why I wrote it you have stated a
number of occasions that you're not
going to be running for president and
you're also not going to be on Dancing
with the Stars yeah is that still those
still true thank God for all the people
that watch Dancing with the Stars I can
honestly say I will not be a candidate
even if I'm asked there are a number of
presidential candidates that are going
to be coming to Florida very soon yeah
there's a there's a debate that's going
to be taking place in Florida as in
September and there's also a presidency
five what would you what are you looking
for in a presidential candidate to lead
the republican party too
booking candidate to victory in 2012
what are you looking for i'm looking for
a candidate that gets beyond attacking
the president I mean that's low hanging
fruit the president's policies have
failed and sometimes I think we overdo
the attacks that almost become personal
and I think the focus ought to be on
offering compelling alternatives so I
want a truth teller and I want someone
who's going to have the courage of their
convictions to advocate boulder policy
to make this election about big things
rather than small things and I think the
other element of this is that they have
to have the character to withstand what
will be enormous attacks this is going
to be a really ugly general election and
we want a nominee that that's hopeful
and optimistic but also has a titanium
spine if you will to be able to
withstand the attacks and finally
someone who's not just a good talker but
has a record of accomplishment as well
do you think that there are candidates
in the field right now that meet those
qualifications some are doing better
than others because of the kind of the
ebb and flow of the moment but over the
long haul this is a crazy process but it
does seem to bring out the best in
candidates and they meet the challenge
and so my guess is we'll have two or
three candidates that could beat the
President and will be very viable next
year the president's got to have a tough
time with the failed economic policies
for sure do you see yourself at some
point potentially endorsing a particular
candidate I could I could I'm not sure
it matters I don't know if endorsements
matter but this is a hugely important
election so a guy like Rick Perry who i
think has a great record of
accomplishment in texas Mitt Romney who
has a record of accomplishment in the
private sector certainly and it was it
was a good governor as well Jon Huntsman
I mean these are candidates that have a
lot to offer and my guess is that you
know I'm probably just given the nature
of how important this is I might get
involved but any of these candidates
could beat the president if they run the
right kind of campaign you've been
involved in Florida politics since 1980
when your father is on the ticket
presidential ticket as a vice president
1984 1988
when your dad run for president 1992
your father and then again your brother
ran for president you've run three
statewide campaigns here in Florida so I
count up about nine campaigns since 1980
that you've been involved with the
highest levels what advice would you
give a Republican candidate presidential
candidate when they come to Florida
campaigning looking to win Florida well
Florida is a microcosm of the country so
there's a lot that directly related to
when you campaign all across the country
but also we have some unique features to
our to our state we're an incredibly
diverse state so you can't really narrow
cast your message to one group it has to
be a bigger broader message I think
secondly there's some unique issues in
Florida we're you know we have down in
South Florida we have one foot firmly
planted in the United States of America
and one foot planted in the Americas so
having some sensitivity and
understanding of the connectivity of
Florida and the region in which we
operate I think would be important we
have some unique environmental issues
that I think are important to be
sensitive we're this is an incredible
ecosystem and Republicans don't normally
talk about conservation and the
environment but I think it plays well
down here to do that and of course
education is a huge issue for people
that are aspiring to a better life just
you know just saying you're against
Washington is not going to cut it in my
mind I want someone who really
understands that education is not a
federal policy but it should be
something of national purpose so their
education has always been important in
Florida for some reason and I'm happy it
s because you know we've seen great
gains but there's a lot more that needs
to get done governor Bush thank you so
much for joining us today thanks Justin
you